docs: add metadata to all remaining pages (#1246)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/reference/parts-and-steps.rst

.. meta::

>     :description: Reference documentation for Rockcraft parts and lifecycle steps: pull, overlay, build, stage, and prime phases, including execution environment and output directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :description: Reference for how parts are processed when packing a rock. Provides details about the steps, step paths, environment variables, and output directories.
```
